Added Spring Readme, Updated Java & Micronaut (#130)
graalvm/graalvm-demos: java-hello-world-maven/README-Cloud-Shell.md

## What is GraalVM?

[GraalVM](https://www.oracle.com/in/java/graalvm/) is a high-performance JDK distribution that accelerates Java workloads. GraalVM Native Image ahead-of-time compilation builds your Java application into a native executable that is small, starts fast, and uses less memory and CPU. Leading Java microservices frameworks such as Spring Boot, Micronaut, Quarkus and Helidon support GraalVM Native Image.

GraalVM Enterprise Edition is available for use on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) at no additional cost.

## What is Cloud Shell?

> [Cloud Shell](https://www.oracle.com/devops/cloud-shell/) is a free-to-use browser-based terminal accessible from the Oracle Cloud Console. It provides access to a Linux shell with preinstalled developer tools and a pre-authenticated OCI CLI. You can use the shell to interact with OCI resources, follow labs and tutorials, and quickly run utility commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Cloud Shell](https://www.oracle.com/devops/cloud-shell/) is a free-to-use browser-based terminal accessible from the Oracle Cloud Console. It provides access to a Linux shell with preinstalled developer tools and a preauthenticated OCI CLI. You can use the shell to interact with OCI resources, follow labs and tutorials, and quickly run utility commands.
```

Author: Changed to `preauthenticated`

    The current managed java version is set to graalvmeejdk-17.0.4.
    ```

## Step 3: [OPTIONAL] Confirm software version and environment variables

This step is optional - [Check software version and environment variables](../_common/README-check-version-env-vars.md)

> ## Step 4: Setup project, build and run as a JAR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 4: Set up your project, build and run as a JAR
```

Author: Done

1. Git clone this sample folder.

    ```shell

>     git init graalvmee-java-hello-world-maven

Reviewer: Why "init" and not "clone"?

Author: The group of commands together clones just a single sample folder, not the entire graalvm-demos repo.

    cd graalvmee-java-hello-world-maven

    git remote add origin https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos.git

    git config core.sparsecheckout true

    echo "java-hello-world-maven/*">>.git/info/sparse-checkout

    git pull --depth=1 origin master

    cd java-hello-world-maven

    ```

> 2. Build a JAR for the sample app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Build a JAR file for the example/demo app.
```

Author: Used `example`

    Hello World!
    ```

> ## Step 5: Build and run as a native executable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 5: Build and run a native executable
```

Author: Done.

> Let's use GraalVM Native Image to produce a native executable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use GraalVM Native Image to produce a native executable.
```

Author: Done.

**Option 1: Quick Build enabled**

> You will notice the `Quick Build` mode reduces the time required to generate a native executable, making it covenient to use Native Image builds in a typical development cycle (edit, compile, test, and debug). The `Quick Build` mode is recommended for development purpose only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will notice the `Quick Build` mode reduces the time required to generate a native executable, making it covenient to use Native Image builds in a typical development cycle (edit, compile, test, and debug). The `Quick Build` mode is recommended for development purposes only.
```

Author: Done

> 1. To enable `Quick Build`, open [pom.xml](./pom.xml) in a text editor like Nano and uncomment the line shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To enable `Quick Build`, open [pom.xml](./pom.xml) in a text editor such as Nano and uncomment the line shown:
```

Author: Done

    ```
    <buildArg>-Ob</buildArg>
    ```

> 2. Run the Native Image maven build to generate a native executable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the Native Image maven build to generate a native executable:
```
This sentence is a bit clumsy. You could try "Use the Native Image maven plugin to  create a native executable"

Author: Done.

    ...
    ```

3. Run the native executable using:

    ```shell
    ./target/my-app
    ```

    The output should be similar to:
    ```
    Hello World!

>     ```

Reviewer 2: Why do you leave empty lines?

Author: Empty lines is for better readability. Whitespace is easier on the eyes. :-)

**Option 2: Quick Build disabled** 
    

> 1. To disable `Quick Build`, open [pom.xml](pom.xml) in a text editor like Nano and comment the line shown:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To disable `Quick Build`, open [pom.xml](pom.xml) in a text editor such as Nano and comment the line shown:  
```

Author: Done

    ```
    <!-- <buildArg>-Ob</buildArg> -->
    ```

> 2. Run the Native Image maven build to generate a native executable:

Reviewer: See above.

Author: Done
